CNV-18331: Cluster DPDK readiness checkup (#56593)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-dpdk-config-map-parameters.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/support/monitoring/virt-running-cluster-checkups.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="virt-dpdk-config-map-parameters_{context}"]
= DPDK checkup config map parameters

The following table shows the mandatory and optional parameters that you can set in the `data` stanza of the input `ConfigMap` manifest when you run a cluster DPDK readiness checkup:

.DPDK checkup config map parameters
[cols="1,1,1", options="header"]
|====
|Parameter
|Description
|Is Mandatory

|`spec.timeout`
|The time, in minutes, before the checkup fails.
|True

|`spec.param.networkAttachmentDefinitionName`
|The name of the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` object of the SR-IOV NICs connected.
|True

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorRuntimeClassName`
|The RuntimeClass resource that the traffic generator pod uses.
|True

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorImage`

> |The container image for the traffic generator. The default value is https://quay.io/repository/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup-traffic-gen:latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The container image for the traffic generator. The default value is `quay.io/repository/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup-traffic-gen:main`
```

Reviewer: There was a mistake in the upstream documentation, fixed in https://github.com/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup/pull/101.

|False

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorNodeSelector`
|The node on which the traffic generator pod is to be scheduled. The node should be configured to allow DPDK traffic.
|False

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorPacketsPerSecond`
|The number of packets per second, in kilo (k) or million(m). The default value is 14m.
|False

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorEastMacAddress`
|The MAC address of the NIC connected to the traffic generator pod or VM. The default value is a random MAC address in the format `50:xx:xx:xx:xx:01`.
|False

|`spec.param.trafficGeneratorWestMacAddress`
|The MAC address of the NIC connected to the traffic generator pod or VM. The default value is a random MAC address in the format `50:xx:xx:xx:xx:02`.
|False

|`spec.param.vmContainerDiskImage`

> |The container disk image for the VM. The default value is https://quay.io/repository/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup-vm:latest.

Reviewer: Please note that the `repository/` part was removed as well.
